Hello, this is the demo for notes taking up for everyone who wants to keep track of their notes in an organized and aesthetic way. So when the user first logs in into the app, they see a sign up screen where they can enter their email and their password. They can also toggle between viewing and not viewing the password that they're typing, and they can sign up. If they've already created their account, they can click and be taken to the login page where they can enter their email and password and log in instead. In this case, let me pretend like I have never created an account before. And in that case, I will land on an empty state because there are no notes. I will see the categories that are automatically created for me. The categories are random thoughts, school and personal, and I will see the option to create a new note. So that is the beginning of the journey. Now, users should be able to create new notes by clicking on the new note icon. The structure of a note is there is the space to create the note. The note is automatically created as soon as the user clicks on new note. There is no need to save it or anything like that. It is automatically created. The note also has a last edited timestamp, which updates as the user writes or edits the note. The note has a title and the content of the note. Finally, the note also has a category and the user can decide to change that category. And if the user decides to change the category, the background color of the note will change to the color associated to that category. Once the user has finished typing, they can close the note. And they will be taken back to the screen where all of the notes are. So this is what this screen is. It has, again, the categories on the left. Each of the categories displays the color associated to the category, the title, and then the number of notes associated to that category. And, again, the categories that exist are random thoughts, school, and personal. We automatically create these. If the user were to select any of these categories by clicking on them, it will filter and show them only the notes that are associated to that category. If they click on all categories, they'll be able to see all of the notes. Now, how the notes are displayed are they're displayed in preview cards. The preview card contains the date of the last edited time, as well as the category name, the title, and the content. If the content does not fit in the preview card, then the content is truncated, like in this card over here on the right. Lastly, I must say that the date should be displayed as month and day. No year should be displayed. And if the note is from today or from yesterday, we should use the relative dates today and yesterday. Any date that is older than yesterday, it should just display month and date. Finally, users should be able to edit existing notes. For example, if I click on this note, it will open it, and I will be able to see the content of the note, but I will also be able to edit it by clicking on the text. I can edit both the title and the content of the note. As soon as I edit, the last edited timestamps should be automatically updating. And the other thing I can edit is the category. By clicking on the category in the dropdown, I can also edit the category. And that's it. That is the note taking up.
